docs: Improve architecture doc (#833)
cozy/cozy-client: docs/architecture.md

### Cozy-client Architecture

This is an overview of the cozy-client architecture:

![Architecture schema](./architecture.png)

<!-- The architecture schema can also be accessed [online here](https://whimsical.co/6AJnnS7v5ePRcuKZysPAF5).
It's created on https://whimsical.co/ — if you need to edit it, ask for an invite from one of the projects maintainers. -->

To explain the architecture, we will see how a request for data flows

> through cozy-client and how finally the UI is updated.

Reviewer: "how finally the UI is updated" -> "how the UI is finally updated"

> ### Query defitions

Reviewer: s/Query defitions/Query definition

> To query data, we create a *query definition*: an object describing documents to fetch.

Reviewer: Not really a document description but more a description on *how* to fetch

Author: Mmh not how, but more what don't you think ?

Reviewer: Maybe a mix of both actually ; sort, limit, skip are "how" while find, where, id are more "what". But using just "what" looks fine ;)

```
{
  doctype: "io.cozy.todos",
  selector: {
    "finished": true
  }
}
```

It is typically created via the helper `Q` that provides a fluid interface
to create a *Query Definition*.

```jsx
const qdef = Q('io.cozy.todos').where({ finished: true })
```

> Then we need to execute this query, fetch the data, and storing it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Then we need to execute this query definition in order to fetch the data.
```

What do you want to say when you say : "storing it"? You mean in the redux store?

Author: Yep

```jsx
await client.query(qdef)
```

### Links

When executed, *Query definitions* are passed down to *Links*.

Links accept query definitions and can choose

- either to return a response
- or to pass the query definition down to the next link. 

> ℹ️ This is how offline support is implemented : on mobile, a PouchLink is added as a link to cozy-client, before the default StackClientLink. The 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
ℹ️ This is how offline support is implemented: 
on mobile, a PouchLink (we use PouchDB under the wood)  is added as a link to cozy-client, before the default StackLink (`stack link` because cozy's API backend is called `cozy-stack`.) The 
```

> ℹ️ This is how offline support is implemented : on mobile, a PouchLink is added as a link to cozy-client, before the default StackClientLink. The 

Reviewer: s/StackClientLink/StackLink ?

> Pouch link can decide either to pass down the query definition to the next link (if the pouch link has not been synchronized for example), or to respond to the request by communicating directly with Pouch.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
PouchLink can decide: 
- either to pass down the query definition to the next link (if the PouchLink has not been synchronized for example), 
- or to respond to the request by communicating directly with PouchDB.
```

> At the moment there are only two links

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
At the moment there are only two links:
```

> - StackLink : fetches data over HTTP by communicating to the stack via the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- StackLink : fetches data over HTTP by communicating to the Cozy's Stack via the
```

StackClient.

> - PouchLink : fetches data from a local Pouch. Useful to have offline ready

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- PouchLink : fetches data from a local PouchDB. Useful to have offline ready
```

> - PouchLink : fetches data from a local Pouch. Useful to have offline ready

Reviewer: s/offline ready/offline-ready

  applications.

### Store

When links have responded with data, the data is stored inside the
*redux store* that is internal to cozy-client. This redux store
brings observability to cozy-client, and allows for connection of
UI components to the data.

ℹ️ You do not need to use Redux in your application to use cozy-client.

ℹ️ You can connect your own store to cozy-client. It is useful for more
advanced techniques where you create selectors directly on the data
of cozy-client.

> The redux is composed of two slices, "documents" and "queries". Documents

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The redux store is composed of two slices, "documents" and "queries": 
```

> stores the data index by doctype then \_id. Queries store information

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Document stores the data indexed by [doctype](https://docs.cozy.io/en/cozy-doctypes/docs/) then by `_id.` 
- Queries store information for a particular query:
   - ids of the documents that match the query
   - whether the server has more documents that can be fetched (useful for
  pagination)
   - whether the query is being loaded.
```

> stores the data index by doctype then \_id. Queries store information

Reviewer: s/index/indexed

Reviewer: s/Queries store/Queries stores (if "Queries" refers to a slice)

for a particular query:

- ids of the documents that match the query
- whether the server has more documents that can be fetched (useful for
  pagination)
- whether the query is being loaded.

```
{
    documents: {
        'io.cozy.todos': {
            'todo-id-1': {
                finished: true,

>                 label: "Add architecture document for cozy-clietn"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
                label: "Add architecture document for cozy-client"
```

            }
        }
    },
    queries: {
        finishedTodos: {
            data: ['todo-id-1']
        }
    }

}
```

The glue between the Redux store and the UI is done via ObservableQuery.
ObservableQuery are objects instantiated by a <Query /> component. Their
role is to react to store changes and wake the component. They should not

> be used directly.

Reviewer 2: > They should not be used directly

What should be used in place of?

Author: Nothing, Query and useQuery do the job for you. I am adding the mention, thanks.
